you guys and today I'm doing review on
these 2014 blue magista Oubre first
thing to say is that I have just bought
them so I have played in them blunt but
not for very long feeling absolutely
amazing on my foot well they definitely
look the part too they look pretty
pretty nice they've got the ACC bad so
you can tell they are a cc or
conditional control the the Knitting
everything about it is in so much detail
up to the Knitting I mean the Knitting
by itself though they had some seriously
good job on the knitting I mean how
they've knitted that into the shoe with
so much detail it's great and there's
this Nike logo I would stick you know
it's on this so well that I will not
like it feels like part of the shoe
doesn't feel like a sticker which makes
it pretty cool of course the sock like
the Superfly which makes it pretty sweet
we're register on the back stud plate
read here these four red and the others
are plain black and see through here
nike tick and you've got another
register sign there well for touch when
you wear them they take their pretty
good for touch didn't get a winner for
so long so I don't really know yet and
um the layer of Nike skin and feel on
put combined together pretty
damn well they've done well to make
these to stick together doesn't look
like they're coming off doesn't look
like they're going to come off so that's
that's pretty good I do like I really
like how they've put the ACC logo right
up there in the top it's very different
very different to some other boots just
like the hypervenoms here just take a
look at these two hypervenoms the ACC
logo is there is you know sign because
it doesn't have a sock so it does make
it a different playing style with the
sock on here and you might be thinking
is it hard to put these on with the sock
well let me tell you it's not once you
get used to it it's pretty easy to put a
sock on well in 10 device lightness they
do feel a bit heavier than I brenham but
hypervenoms supposed to be like as
possible right yeah they they're pretty
cool so just move those out of the way
they're probably now one of my favorite
boots hopefully soon around Christmas
time I will be able to do a review on a
new parent boots which I've got coming
out i'm not sure what it's probably
going to be some kind of super fly or
something like that but we'll have to
see so just look out for that video it's
going to be pretty good too anyway let's
try these boots on one foot they
definitely feel the part being very
flexible as they are with the stock them
well for the kind of kick yes it does
feel good but I don't get much pain from
these in the back because it is quite
soft actually compared to super flies or
elastico super thighs um but I would
recommend wearing high socks which I am
rarely wearing ankle socks right now
because I'm not about to play but when I
was when I am playing I would wear ankle
so would wear high socks sorry but um
yeah I think they feel really really
nice anyway let's go and add some free
tix with them
bye
you